because of the paucity of native language speakers in the pleasure of
languages that you find across the world %HESITATION the service needs
to train linguist and they train them at different levels again an
interpreter who is just going to be working with local people in need
snow just basic questions like come here go there %HESITATION hello
we are the Americans you know where is the enemy up please leave
the area there's going to be a fight things of that nature they generally
have a very short level course that might run just two or three
months %HESITATION the interpreters get it much or the interrogators
get a much longer course of study maybe half a year or so so they
can we have a little better mastery of the language and they work
in with their psychological training later %HESITATION the privilege
languished on the other hand typically have nearly a year's worth of
study %HESITATION to learn the major languages so that they were %HESITATION
very very well tune when I graduated from %HESITATION defense
language institute east coast we were told that our vocabulary
was much larger than the typical Vietnamese was %HESITATION that our
understanding language would exceed even native speakers even though
we might not be able to speak it very well understanding would be
quite large